Setting MODULEPATH via config.yaml (#353)
payu-org/payu: docs/source/config.rst

   is generally only used for testing purposes, such as bit reproducibility.

``modules``
   Defines options to specify lists of environment modules and/or directories 
   to load/use at the start of the PBS job, for example::

      modules:
         use:
            - /path/to/module/dir
         load:
            - netcdf-c-4.9.0
            - parallel-netcdf-1.12.3
            - xerces-c-3.2.3

   This is seldom needed, because payu is good at automatically determining
   the environment modules required by model executables. If the modules

>    require `module use` inorder to be found, this command can also be run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   require `module use` in order to be found, this command can also be run
```
